{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue10;\red230\green230\blue230;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red206\green233\blue201;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;\csgray\c92143;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c84314\c92549\c82745;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A class contains \cb2 constructors\cb1  that are invoked to create objects from the class blueprint. Constructor declarations look \cb2 like method declarations\'97except that they use the name of the class and have no return type\cb1 .
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You don't have to provide any constructors for your class, but you must be careful when doing this. The compiler automatically provides a no-argument, default constructor for any class without constructors. \cb2 This default constructor will call the no-argument constructor of the superclass.\cb1  In this situation, the compiler will complain if the superclass doesn't have a no-argument constructor so you must verify that it does. \cb2 If your class has no explicit superclass, then it has an implicit superclass of 
\f2 \cb2 Object
\f1 \cb2 , which 
\i \cb2 does
\i0 \cb2  have a no-argument constructor.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 All classes have at least one constructor. If a class does not explicitly declare any, the Java compiler automatically provides a no-argument constructor, called the 
\i default constructor
\i0 . This default constructor calls the class parent's no-argument constructor, or the 
\f2 Object
\f1  constructor if the class has no other parent. If the parent has no constructor (
\f2 Object
\f1  does have one), the compiler will reject the program.
\f3\fs28 \cf0 \cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 You can use access modifiers in a constructor's declaration to control which other classes can call the constructor.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 \cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
In the above 
\f4 Circle
\f3  class, we define three overloaded versions of constructor 
\f4 Circle(......)
\f3 . A constructor is used to construct and initialize all the member variables. To construct a new instance of a class, you need to use a special "
\f4 new
\f3 " operator followed by a call to one of the constructors. For example,\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26 \cf0 \cb6 Circle c1 = new Circle();\
Circle c2 = new Circle(2.0);\
Circle c3 = new Circle(3.0, "red");\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 \cb5 \
A constructor is different from an ordinary method in the following aspects:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The name of the constructor method is the same as the class name. By classname's convention, it begins with an uppercase (instead of lowercase for ordinary methods).\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Constructor has no return type. It implicitly returns 
\f4 void
\f3 . No 
\f4 return
\f3  statement is allowed inside the constructor's body.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Constructor can only be invoked via the "
\f4 new
\f3 " operator. It can only be used once to initialize the instance constructed. Once an instance is constructed, you cannot call the constructor anymore.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Constructors are not inherited (to be explained later).\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}