{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue10;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red18\green139\blue2;\red255\green255\blue10;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c60000\c0;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Class:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 the 
\f2 new
\f1  operator returns a reference to an object
\f0\b\fs28 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 int height = new Rectangle().height;\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 * This statement creates a new 
\f2 Rectangle
\f1  object and immediately gets its height. In essence, the statement calculates the default height of a 
\f2 Rectangle
\f1 . \cb3 Note that after this statement has been executed, the program no longer has a reference to the created 
\f2 Rectangle
\f1 , because the program never stored the reference anywhere.\cb1  The object is unreferenced, and its resources are free to be recycled by the Java Virtual Machine.\

\f0\b\fs28 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 int areaOfRectangle = new Rectangle(100, 50).getArea();\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 * Remember, invoking a method on a particular object is the same as sending a message to that object. In this case, the object that 
\f2 getArea()
\f1  is invoked on is the rectangle returned by the constructor.\

\f0\b\fs28 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Convention:
\b0 \cb2 \
\
A class name shall be a noun or a noun phrase made up of several words. All the words shall be initial-capitalized (camel-case). Use a singular noun for class name. Choose a meaningful and self-descriptive classname. For examples, 
\f3 SoccerPlayer
\f0 , 
\f3 HttpProxyServer
\f0 , 
\f3 FileInputStream
\f0 , 
\f3 PrintStream
\f0  and 
\f3 SocketFactory\
\

\f0\b \cb2 Instance:\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \cb2 \
To create an instance of a class, you have to:\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb2 Declare
\b0 \cb2  an instance identifier (instance name) of a particular class.\cb1 \

\b \cb2 Construct
\b0 \cb2  the instance (i.e., allocate storage for the instance and initialize the instance) using the "
\f3 \cb2 new
\f0 \cb2 " operator.\
\cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26 \cf6 // 
\f4\b Declare
\f3\b0  3 instances of the class Circle, c1, c2, and c3\cf0 \
Circle c1, c2, c3;  \
\cf6 \cb7 // They hold a special value called null\cf0 \cb5 \
\cf6 \cb7 // 
\f4\b Construct
\f3\b0  the instances via new operator\cf0 \cb5 \
c1 = 
\f4\b new
\f3\b0  Circle();\
c2 = 
\f4\b new
\f3\b0  Circle(2.0);\
c3 = 
\f4\b new
\f3\b0  Circle(3.0, "red");\
\
Circle c4 = 
\f4\b new
\f3\b0  Circle();\
\cf6 // You can 
\f4\b Declare and Construct
\f3\b0  in the same statement\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \
a\
}