{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue10;\red255\green255\blue10;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red230\green230\blue230;\red13\green65\blue139;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgray\c92143;\cssrgb\c3529\c33725\c61569;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A package is a namespace that organizes a set of related 
\b classes
\b0  and 
\b interfaces
\b0  by functionality. \cb1 \
\
Conceptually you can think of packages as being \cb3 similar to\cb1  different \cb3 folders\cb1  on your computer.  Because software written in the Java programming language can be composed of hundreds or 
\i thousands
\i0  of individual classes, \cb3 it makes sense to keep things organized by placing related classes and interfaces into packages\cb1 .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The Java platform provides an enormous class library (a set of packages) suitable for use in your own applications. This library is known as the "Application Programming Interface", or "API" for short.\cf0 \cb1  Its packages represent the tasks most commonly associated with general-purpose programming.\cf5  \cf0 This allows you, the programmer, to focus on the design of your particular application, rather than the infrastructure required to make it work.\cf5 For example, a 
\f1 String
\f0  object contains state and behavior for character strings; a 
\f1 File
\f0  object allows a programmer to easily create, delete, inspect, compare, or modify a file on the filesystem; a 
\f1 Socket
\f0  object allows for the creation and use of network sockets; various GUI objects control buttons and checkboxes and anything else related to graphical user interfaces. There are literally thousands of classes to choose from. \cf0 \
\
The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 Java Platform API Specification}} contains the complete listing for all packages, interfaces, classes, fields, and methods supplied by the Java SE platform. Load the page in your browser and bookmark it. As a programmer, it will become your single most important piece of reference documentation.}